# General Feedback:

Austin: First page shows strong promise but the app falls short of being truly functional. There are some very impressive aspects of the project such as integrating google maps, create-react-app and an effective (if spotty) use of new language features. Poor documentation, code organization, and inconsistent coding styles, format, and syntaxes makes understanding the codebase more challenging and does not show “summer” quality code. I would have appreciated a stronger attention paid to all ends of the stack, it seems that the server is much less robust than the front end (where the front end exists). On the plus side, the css and design is slick on the main page.

Brenna: The main page of your project that does work looks great. Unfortunately the app is incomplete - some specifications of this mini-project assignment (such as user authentication) are not present at all, the voting system was not implemented, and there are a few bugs.  The code suffers regarding readability and styling. There are almost no in-line comments throughout, a lot of boilerplate code was left in or just commented out, and the style is inconsistent.  On the positive side, a lot of cool work was done on your main page. The page design and css looks good, and the dynamic resizing of the map radius is great. Your integration of both the google maps and places APIs was successful, and this front page could potentially stand alone as an application.

Bill: Yeah what they said.  I feel like time-wise, you dove really deep into your first page and spent a lot of time on that but forgot about pacing yourself to be able to finish the whole functionality. Scoping a software project is hard, but every time you do it you get a little better at it!  And the work you did on the main page is really awesome.